arisen arise +ed
arose arise +ed
ate eat +ed
awoke awake +ed
awoken awake +ed
backbit backbite +ed
backbitten backbite +ed
backslid backslide +ed
backslidden backslide +ed
bade bid +ed
beaten beat +ed
became become +ed
been be +ed
befallen befall +ed
befell befall +ed
began begin +ed
begat beget +ed
begirt begird +ed
begot beget +ed
begotten beget +ed
begun begin +ed
beheld behold +ed
beholden behold +ed
bejewelled bejewel +ed
bent bend +ed
besought beseech +ed
bestrewn bestrew +ed
bestrid bestride +ed
bestridden bestride +ed
bestrode bestride +ed
betaken betake +ed
bethought bethink +ed
betook betake +ed
bidden bid +ed
bitten bite +ed
bled bleed +ed
blest bless +ed
blew blow +ed
blown blow +ed
bought buy +ed
bred breed +ed
broke break +ed
broken break +ed
brought bring +ed
browbeaten browbeat +ed
built build +ed
burnt burn +ed
came come +ed
caught catch +ed
chid chide +ed
chidden chide +ed
chose choose +ed
chosen choose +ed
clept clepe +ed
clung cling +ed
countersank countersink +ed
countersunk countersink +ed
crept creep +ed
curst curse +ed
dealt deal +ed
did do +ed
done do +ed
drank drink +ed
drawn draw +ed
dreamt dream +ed
drew draw +ed
driven drive +ed
drove drive +ed
drunk drink +ed
dug dig +ed
dwelt dwell +ed
eaten eat +ed
enwound enwind +ed
fallen fall +ed
fed feed +ed
fell fall +ed
felt feel +ed
fled flee +ed
flew fly +ed
flown fly +ed
flung fling +ed
forbad forbid +ed
forbade forbid +ed
forbidden forbid +ed
forbore forbear +ed
forborne forbear +ed
force-fed force-feed +ed
fordid fordo +ed
fordone fordo +ed
foredid foredo +ed
foredone foredo +ed
foregone forego +ed
foreknew foreknow +ed
foreknown foreknow +ed
foreran forerun +ed
forerunning forerun +ed
foresaw foresee +ed
foreseen foresee +ed
foreshown foreshow +ed
forespoke forespeak +ed
forespoken forespeak +ed
foretold foretell +ed
forewent forego +ed
forgave forgive +ed
forgetting forget +ed
forgiven forgive +ed
forgone forgo +ed
forgot forget +ed
forgotten forget +ed
forsaken forsake +ed
forsook forsake +ed
forspoke forspeak +ed
forspoken forspeak +ed
forswore forswear +ed
forsworn forswear +ed
forwent forgo +ed
fought fight +ed
found find +ed
froze freeze +ed
frozen freeze +ed
gave give +ed
gelt geld +ed
ghostwritten ghostwrite +ed
ghostwrote ghostwrite +ed
gilt gild +ed
girt gird +ed
given give +ed
gnawn gnaw +ed
gone go +ed
got get +ed
gotten get +ed
graven grave +ed
grew grow +ed
grown grow +ed
hacksawn hacksaw +ed
had have +ed
hamstrung hamstring +ed
heard hear +ed
held hold +ed
hewn hew +ed
hid hide +ed
hidden hide +ed
hung hang +ed
inbred inbreed +ed
indwelt indwell +ed
inlaid inlay +ed
interbred interbreed +ed
interlaid interlay +ed
interpled interplead +ed
interwove interweave +ed
interwoven interweave +ed
inwove inweave +ed
inwoven inweave +ed
kept keep +ed
knelt kneel +ed
knew know +ed
known know +ed
laid lay +ed
lain lie +ed
lay lie +ed
leant lean +ed
leapt leap +ed
learnt learn +ed
led lead +ed
lent lend +ed
lit light +ed
lost lose +ed
machine-gunned machine-gun +ed
machine-gunning machine-gun +ed
madded mad +ed
madding mad +ed
made make +ed
meant mean +ed
met meet +ed
misbecame misbecome +ed
misdealt misdeal +ed
misgave misgive +ed
misgiven misgive +ed
misheard mishear +ed
mislaid mislay +ed
misled mislead +ed
mispled misplead +ed
misspelt misspell +ed
misspent misspend +ed
mistaken mistake +ed
mistook mistake +ed
misunderstood misunderstand +ed
mown mow +ed
outbidden outbid +ed
outbred outbreed +ed
outcried outcry +ed
outcropped outcrop +ed
outdid outdo +ed
outdone outdo +ed
outdrawn outdraw +ed
outdrew outdraw +ed
outfought outfight +ed
outgone outgo +ed
outgrew outgrow +ed
outgrown outgrow +ed
outlaid outlay +ed
outran outrun +ed
outridden outride +ed
outrode outride +ed
outshone outshine +ed
outshot outshoot +ed
outsold outsell +ed
outstood outstand +ed
outthought outthink +ed
outwent outgo +ed
outwore outwear +ed
outworn outwear +ed
overbidden overbid +ed
overblew overblow +ed
overblown overblow +ed
overbore overbear +ed
overborne overbear +ed
overbuilt overbuild +ed
overcame overcome +ed
overdid overdo +ed
overdone overdo +ed
overdrawn overdraw +ed
overdrew overdraw +ed
overdriven overdrive +ed
overdrove overdrive +ed
overflew overfly +ed
overflown overfly +ed
overgrew overgrow +ed
overgrown overgrow +ed
overheard overhear +ed
overhung overhang +ed
overlaid overlay +ed
overlain overlie +ed
overlay overlie +ed
overpaid overpay +ed
overpast overpass +ed
overran overrun +ed
overridden override +ed
overrode override +ed
oversaw oversee +ed
overseen oversee +ed
oversewn oversew +ed
overshot overshoot +ed
overslept oversleep +ed
oversold oversell +ed
overspent overspend +ed
overspilt overspill +ed
overtaken overtake +ed
overthrew overthrow +ed
overthrown overthrow +ed
overtook overtake +ed
overwound overwind +ed
overwritten overwrite +ed
overwrote overwrite +ed
paid pay +ed
partaken partake +ed
partook partake +ed
pled plead +ed
prepaid prepay +ed
proven prove +ed
ran run +ed
rang ring +ed
rebuilt rebuild +ed
redid redo +ed
redone redo +ed
remade remake +ed
repaid repay +ed
reran rerun +ed
resat resit +ed
resewn resew +ed
retaken retake +ed
rethought rethink +ed
retold retell +ed
retook retake +ed
rewound rewind +ed
rewritten rewrite +ed
rewrote rewrite +ed
ridden ride +ed
risen rise +ed
rode ride +ed
rung ring +ed
said say +ed
sang sing +ed
sank sink +ed
sat sit +ed
saw see +ed
sawn saw +ed
seen see +ed
sent send +ed
sewn sew +ed
shook shake +ed
shaken shake +ed
shat shit +ed
shaven shave +ed
shod shoe +ed
shone shine +ed
shook shake +ed
shot shoot +ed
shown show +ed
shrank shrink +ed
shriven shrive +ed
shrove shrive +ed
shrunk shrink +ed
shrunken shrink +ed
sightsaw sightsee +ed
sightseen sightsee +ed
skydove skydive +ed
slain slay +ed
slept sleep +ed
slew slay +ed
slid slide +ed
slidden slide +ed
slung sling +ed
slunk slink +ed
smelt smell +ed
smit smite +ed
smitten smite +ed
smote smite +ed
snuck sneak +ed
sold sell +ed
sought seek +ed
sown sow +ed
spat spit +ed
sped speed +ed
spellbound spellbind +ed
spelt spell +ed
spent spend +ed
spilt spill +ed
spoilt spoil +ed
spoke speak +ed
spoken speak +ed
spoon-fed spoon-feed +ed
spotlit spotlight +ed
sprang spring +ed
sprung spring +ed
spun spin +ed
stank stink +ed
stole steal +ed
stolen steal +ed
stood stand +ed
strewn strew +ed
stricken strike +ed
striven strive +ed
strode stride +ed
strove strive +ed
strown strow +ed
struck strike +ed
strung string +ed
stuck stick +ed
stung sting +ed
stunk stink +ed
stymied stymie +ed
sung sing +ed
sunk sink +ed
sunken sink +ed
swam swim +ed
swept sweep +ed
swollen swell +ed
swore swear +ed
sworn swear +ed
swum swim +ed
swung swing +ed
taken take +ed
taught teach +ed
thought think +ed
threw throw +ed
thriven thrive +ed
throve thrive +ed
thrown throw +ed
told tell +ed
took take +ed
tore tear +ed
torn tear +ed
trod tread +ed
trodden tread +ed
typewritten typewrite +ed
typewrote typewrite +ed
unbent unbend +ed
unbound unbind +ed
unclad unclothe +ed
underbought underbuy +ed
underfed underfeed +ed
undergirt undergird +ed
undergone undergo +ed
underlaid underlay +ed
underlain underlie +ed
underlay underlie +ed
underpaid underpay +ed
undershot undershoot +ed
undersold undersell +ed
understood understand +ed
undertaken undertake +ed
undertook undertake +ed
underwent undergo +ed
underwritten underwrite +ed
underwrote underwrite +ed
undid undo +ed
undone undo +ed
unfroze unfreeze +ed
unfrozen unfreeze +ed
unlaid unlay +ed
unlearnt unlearn +ed
unmade unmake +ed
unsaid unsay +ed
unspoke unspeak +ed
unspoken unspeak +ed
unstrung unstring +ed
unstuck unstick +ed
unswore unswear +ed
unsworn unswear +ed
untaught unteach +ed
unthought unthink +ed
untrod untread +ed
untrodden untread +ed
untying untie +ed
unwound unwind +ed
upbuilt upbuild +ed
upheld uphold +ed
uphove upheave +ed
uprisen uprise +ed
uprose uprise +ed
upsprang upspring +ed
upsprung upspring +ed
upswept upsweep +ed
upswollen upswell +ed
upswung upswing +ed
used use +ed
was be +ed
waylaid waylay +ed
went go +ed
wept weep +ed
were be +ed
whipsawn whipsaw +ed
winterfed winterfeed +ed
wiredrawn wiredraw +ed
wiredrew wiredraw +ed
withdrawn withdraw +ed
withdrew withdraw +ed
withheld withhold +ed
withstood withstand +ed
woke wake +ed
woken wake +ed
won win +ed
wore wear +ed
worn wear +ed
wound wind +ed
wove weave +ed
woven weave +ed
written write +ed
wrote write +ed
wrung wring +ed
ycleped clepe +ed
yclept clepe +ed
being be +ing
dying die +ing
lying lie +ing
overlying overlie +ing
singing sing +ing
stymying stymie +ing
tying tie +ing
underlying underlie +ing
untying untie +ing
vying vie +ing
am be +s
amuses amuse +s
are be +s
believes believe +s
delves delve +s
dies die +s
has have +s
is be +s
leaves leave +s
uses use +s
proves prove +s
relieves relieve +s
reverses reverse +s
serves serve +s
strives strive +s
waives waive +s
